Deprecate `EventList.write()` Part 2/2 (#5059)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/user-guide/dl3.rst

------------------------------------

To write the events or GTIs separately, one can just save the underlying

> `astropy.table.Table`. There is also a ``write`` method available for
> `~gammapy.data.Observation` which will write the `~gammapy.data.EventList`
> if ``include_irfs`` is set to ``False``.
> It is usually best to save the events and their associated GTIs together in the
> same FITS file. This can be done using the `~gammapy.data.Observation.write`
> method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`astropy.table.Table`. To have an event file written in a correct DL3 format, it is 
necessary to utilise the  ``write`` method available for`~gammapy.data.Observation`.
It will write the `~gammapy.data.EventList` and their associated GTIs together in the
same FITS file according to the format specifications. To avoid writing IRFs along the 
``EventList`` one has to set ``include_irfs`` to ``False``. See the example below:
```
